<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
A: Designates the meaning of a web page rather than the presentation 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
A: Used to structure the content of a web page 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
A: Defines additional characteristics or properties of an element; In the opening tag of an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
A:To designate the most important piece of text on a page; once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
A:img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
A:<title>
    7. What is an id? 
A: Defines a unique attribute for an element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
A: Only one 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
A: Once
    10. What is a class? 
A: Defines an attribute that can be used by any element 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
 A: All of them 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
A: There is no limit 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
A: set the target attribute to blank 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
A: Specifies an alternate text for the image to improve accessibility 
    15. How do I reference an id?
A: With #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A: A secttion groups content with shared meaning together while div does not convey any meaning 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
A: To style your web page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
A: Use class selector and curly braces
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A:Class can be used by every element on the page while id specifies a specific attribute for a specific element. You would use class when you wish to have multiple items on the same page with the same characteristics and id when you only want one item on the page to have a certain characteristic
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
A: With a period followed by a set of curly braces 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
A: p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A: Selects all elements that are a direct decendent of a specific element; When you would like to be as specific as possible in selecting an element 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
A: div .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A: Selects an element when in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
A: line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
A: letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
A: * {
uppercase
}
* {
lowercase
}
* {
capitalize
}
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
border:dotted;
border-width:1px;
border-color:black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
A: with *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
A: /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
 A: pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
A: dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
A: del; you can accidentally delete files that are crucial ffor the functioning of your computer
    34. Why should I use version control? 
A: It's important to the functioning oof your team that you keep track of your changes 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
A: As often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
A: git push -u origin branch name-
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
A: fork, clone, cd into newly created repo, create own branch using git checkout,
add and commit changes, push changes back to github, pull request 